I bet your name's Mickey, 'cause you're so fine.
I better get out my library card, 'cause I'm checkin' you out.
If you were a booger, I'd pick you.
If I could rearrange the alphabet, I would put U and I together.
I've been bad, take me to your room.
I think Heaven's missing an angel.
That shirt is very becoming on you. If I was on you, I'd be coming too.
Are you a parking ticket? Because you've got FINE written all over you.
That shirt looks good on you, it'd look better on my bedroom floor.
You have 206 bones in your body. Do you want one more?
Can I have your phone number? I seem to have lost mine.
Hey beautiful, does this rag smell like chloroform to you?
I cant help to notice but you look a lot like my next girlfriend.
Aren't your feet tired? Because you've been running through my mind all day.
I must be asleep, 'cause you are a dream come true.
I like large posteriors and I cannot prevaricate.
If I said you had a good body, would you hold it against me?
Nice butt.
Did you ever realize that screw rhymes with me and you?
I'm gay but you might just turn me straight.
I love you like a fat kid loves cake.
I lost my virginity, can I have yours?
Girl, did it hurt when you fell from heaven? Cause your face is all sorts of jacked up.
I hope you have pet insurance, because I'm going to destroy that pussy.
Do you have a map? I think I just got lost in your eyes.
Do you work at subway? Cause you just gave me a footlong.
You look like a woman who appreciates the finer things in life. Come over here and feel my velour bedspread.
I find that the most erotic part of a woman is the boobies.
It’s a good thing I wore my gloves today; otherwise, you’d be too hot to handle.
I want to put on my velcro gloves and fuck you like a sheep.
Lets say you and I knock some very /sensual/ boots.
I lost my phone number, can I have yours?
Does this rag smell like chloroform to you? 
I'm here, where are your other two wishes?
Are you a parking ticket? Cause you have FINE written all over you.
Do you have a mirror in your jeans? Cause I can see myself in your ass.
Apart from being sexy, what do you do for a living?
Hi, I'm Mr. Right. Someone said you were looking for me.
Eyy bby wun sum fuk?
You got something on your chest: My eyes.
Are you from Tennessee? Cause you're the only TEN I see.
Are you an alien? Because you just abducted my heart.
Excuse me, but I think you dropped something. MY JAW!
If I followed you home, would you keep me?
I wish you were a Pony Carousel outside Walmart, so I could ride you all day long for a quarter.
I'm so sorry, it seems I've lost my keys. Do you mind if I check your pants?
Where have you been all my life?
I'm just a love machine, and I don't work for nobody but you.
Do you live on a chicken farm? Because you sure know how to raise cocks.
Are you wearing space pants? Because your ass is out of this world.
You are almost as beautiful as my sister. But well, you know, that’s illegal.
Nice legs. What time do they open?
Are you lost? Because it’s so strange to see an angel so far from heaven.
Your daddy must have been a baker, because you've got a nice set of buns.
You're so beautiful that last night you made me forget my pickup line.
I've never seen such dark eyes with so much light in them.
I think we should just be friends with sexual tension.
Whenever I see you I feel like a dog dying to get out of the car.
If I'd have held you any closer I'd be in back of you.
I wish I were on Facebook so I could poke you.
Are you my appendix? I don't know what you do or how you work but I feel like I should take you out.
I want you like JFK wanted a car with a roof.
Did you sit in a pile of sugar? Cause you have a pretty sweet ass.
Do you have a Band-Aid? Because I just scraped my knee falling for you.
I seem to have lost my phone number. Can I have yours?
There are people who say Disneyland is the happiest place on earth. Apparently, none of them have ever been in your arms.
Are you an orphanage? Cause I wanna give you kids.
Are you my Appendix? Because I don't know that much about you, but I have a funny feeling in my stomach that makes me feel like I should take you out.
I'm not drunk, I'm just intoxicated by you.
Your body is 65% water and I'm thirsty.
My doctor says I'm lacking Vitamin U.
You look so familiar... didn't we take a class together? I could've sworn we had chemistry.
If I had a star for every time you brightened my day, I'd have a galaxy in my hand.
Damn, if being sexy was a crime, you'd be guilty as charged!
I thought happiness started with an H. Why does mine start with U?
I bet you $20 you're gonna turn me down.
When I first saw you I looked for a signature, because every masterpiece has one.
I like Legos, you like Legos, why don't we build a relationship?
Would you grab my arm so I can tell my friends I've been touched by an angel?
Of all the beautiful curves on your body, your smile is my favorite.
Did you have lucky charms for breakfast? Because you look magically delicious!
Hershey's makes millions of kisses a day.. .all I'm asking for is one from you.
If I received a nickel for every time I saw someone as beautiful as you, I'd have five cents.
If nothing lasts forever, will you be my nothing?
Do you have a mirror on your pants? No, them I must have been looking into the future, because I can see myself in them.
There must be something wrong with my eyes, I can't take them off you.
Is your name "swiffer"? 'Cause you just swept me off my feet.
Are you going to kiss me or do I have to lie to my diary?
Baby, I'm no Fred Flintstone, but I can make your Bedrock!
You know, Dr. Phil says I'm afraid of commitment... Want to help prove him wrong?
If you were a transformer, your name would be Optimus Fine.
I know milk does a body good, but baby, how much have you been drinking?
Are you an alien, cause you're out of this world.
Are your parents bakers? Cause they sure made you a cutie pie!
Did you go to bed early last night? From the looks of it, you got your beauty sleep.
You spend so much time in my mind, I should charge you rent.
Are you a hipster, because you make my hips stir.
I don't know if you're beautiful, I haven't gotten past your eyes yet.
Be unique and different, say yes.
Are you a Snickers bar? Cause you satisfy me.
Are you a magnet, cause I'm attracted to you.
Let's make like a fabric softener and 'Snuggle
On a scale of 1 to 10, you're a 9. I'm the 1 you need.
I was feeling kinda off today, but you definitely turned me on.
Are you a beaver? Cause daaaaam!
I hope you know CPR, cuz you take my breath away!
Do you live on a chicken farm? 'Cause you sure know how to raise a cock.
I'm no weather man, but you can expect more than a few inches tonight.
Do you run track? Cause I relay want your dick.
Hey, you wanna do a 68? You go down on me, and I'll owe you one.
Could you do me a favor? *hold out hand* Would you hold this for me while I go for a walk?
Is that a keg in your pants? Because I'd love to tap that ass.
Are you my homework? Cause I'm not doing you but I definitely should be.
Roses are red, the bedroom beckons. So spread your legs, and I'll last 10 seconds.
Roses are red, violets are fine. If I be the 6, will you be the 9?
I'm an astronaut and my next mission is to explore Uranus.
I love my bed but I'd rather be in yours.
Hey baby, let's play house, you can be the door and I'll slam you all night long!
Wanna go on an 'ate' with me? I'll give you the 'D' later.
You're so hot, even my pants are falling for you!
Baby I last longer than a white crayon.
Do you have a phone in your back pocket? Because your booty is calling me.
Does your ass have Allstate insurance? No, do you want it to be in good hands?
You have been very naughty. Go to my room!
Do you come here often or wait till you get home?
Don't ever change. Just get naked.
Do you like bacon? Wanna strip?
I wanna mash my thingy into your thingy.
Do you have a shovel? Cause I'm diggin' that ass!
Are you my new boss, because you just gave me a raise.
You must be yogurt because I want to spoon you.
I'm peanut butter, you're jelly, let's have sex.
Is your name Osteoporosis? Because you're giving me a serious bone condition
Is your name winter? Because you'll be coming soon.
Do you work for Papa Johns? Cause I wanna get a fine pizza ass.
Let's go back to my room and do some math: Add a bed, subtract our clothes, divide your legs, and multiply.
Is your dick dead, because I want to bury it in my ass.
There are 206 bones in the human body. How would you like one more?
Those are nice jeans, do you think I could get in them?
Hey baby there's a party in my pants and you are invited!
Hey I'm looking for treasure, Can I look around your chest?
You smell... We should go take a shower together.
I bet my tongue can beat up your tongue.
There are plenty of fish in the sea, but you're the only one I'd like to catch and mount back at my place.
I heard your ankles were having a party... want to invite your pants down?
I don't know what you think of me, but I hope it's X-rated.
I'm a writer, you're a writer, how about we get naked together and put some poetry in motion?
How about you be my story and I'll be your climax!
Do you sleep on your stomach? No, can I?
Lets play "Titanic." When I say "Iceburg!" you do down.
Don't you think most people who use pick-up lines are dipsticks? Yes, in that case, mind if I check your oil level?
I'm easy. Are you?
If I'm a pain in your ass, we can just add more lubricants.
Hi, will you help me find my lost puppy? I think he went into this cheap motel room across the street.
Roses are red, violets are blue, I suck at pick up lines, nice butt.
Want to spend the night at my house tonight? The couch may not pull out, but I do.
What are you doing tonight? Besides me, of course?
My name is Skittles... wanna taste my rainbow?
You remind me of a crop, because I wanna plow you.
Are those space pants? Cuz your ass is out of this world!
Are you the SAT because I'd do you for 3 hours and 45 minutes with a 10 minute break halfway through for snacks, and then I can stare at you for like 10 minutes and think 'wow, I hope I don't ruin this.'"
Are you hungry? Cause I got something for you to eat.
I'll toss your salad fresh every day.
Netflix 'n chill?
Are we playing IRC duckhunt? because I want to .bang you.
On a scale of one to America, how free are you tonight?
You can jingle my bells, baby.
Are you a text document? Cuz I wanna open you up and enter.
I was gonna call you beautiful, but beauty is on the inside and I haven't been inside you yet.
A guy's gotta do what a guy's gotta do, if you catch my drift.
Am I a beast? Because you're definitely a beauty.
Are you little red riding hood? Because I want to ride you into the woods.
Aren't you the tiger on the Frosted Flakes box? Because you look “Grrrreat!”
Baby, I'm no Fred Flintstone, but I can make your Bedrock!
Can I get into your cave of wonders?
Can you tell me a bedtime story and tuck me in?
Do you eat lots of Lucky Charms? Because you look magically delicious.
Do you remember Crayola Crayons? They used to have this color... Blizzard Blue. It was my favorite color and I could never figure out why. But I just realized why, your eyes... Blizzard Blue.
Don't worry, Cinderella. I'll get you home before the clock strikes 12.
Ever had a lump in your throat? How about a frog?
Forget Aladdin, I'm thinking bout Jasmine's carpet.
Have you been eating Cocoa Puffs? Because I'm going cookoo for you
Have you ever tried anal, it's A Whole New World.
Hey Aladdin, is that a lamp in your pocket or are you just happy to see me?
Hey Beauty, can I introduce you to my Beast?
Hey Cinderella let's see if this fits!
Hey girl, how about we take a bottle back to my crib and... take a nap?
Hey girl, you like breakfast? I can speak French. (Dexter's Laboratory – Dexter)
Hey girl, you must be Cinderella, because I see that dress disappearing at midnight.
Hey Jasmine, Does the magic carpet match the drapes?
Hey, Cinderella. Call me midnight 'cause when I come around I'll make your dress disappear.
Hi Ho.
Honk, honk. (Doug – Skeeter)
Hope you brought your A-game, because tonight will be scandalous. (Recess)
I have a boo boo on my lip Will you kiss it and make it all better?
I lost my teddy bear, can I sleep with you?
I lub dub you...
I must have a house made of straw, because you just blew me away.
I think I'd like you in my way, football head. (Hey Arnold – Helga)
I want you more then a Popsicle on a hot summer day
I'd like to see what your buttons do. (Dexter's Laboratory – Dee Dee)
I'd like to take a trip to your forbidden west wing.
I'll bippity bop you, girl.
I'll make you want to spend more time in bed with me than Sleeping, Beauty.
I'm a beast in the sheets.
I'm the eighth dwarf, Sexy.
If girls were boogers, I'd pick you first.
If you were on the McDonald's menu, I'd name you the McBeautiful.
Is that Pinocchio in there? No, just a boner.
Is your name Mulan, because you're beautiful and most people forget you were ever made.
It's like Beauty and the Beast. I'm the Beauty you are the Beast.
Let's play Pinocchio. You sit on my face and I'll tell you lies.
Jack be nimble, Jack be quick, Jack tripped over the candle stick. Well, goodness gracious, great balls of fire!
Mary had a little sheep. and with the sheep she went to sleep, the sheep turned out to be a ram, and Mary had a little lamb!
My lips are skittles, want to taste the rainbow?
My name isn't Elmo, but you can tickle me anytime you want to.
Now I've seen everything! Well, almost everything ... (Hey Arnold – Gerald)
Oh, you're bad, bad, bad. (Magic School Bus)
One night with me, and I'll show you a whole new world.
Sit on my face and ask me to lie... What? You've never been Pinocchio'd?
There's definitely something down there that wasn't there before if you know what I mean.
Wanna play a game? You can be Little Red Riding Hood and Ill be the Big Bad Wolf.
Wanna rub my lamp?
Want to go for a wild ride baby? I'm a bottom.
We would go great together like peanut butter and jelly
Well, here I am What are you other two wishes?
Wre you in Girl/Boy Scouts? Because you sure have tied my heart in a knot.
What the hell is that smell? did you Jafar?
Whether Jafar or Ja-Close I'll always be yours.
You can eat my shorts. (The Simpsons – Bart)
You know what they say about men with big noses.
You look so much like a princess, I put poison in that apple you're eating. Let's hope my antidote-chapstick does the trick.
You must be Cinderella, because I see that dress disappearing by midnight.
You must be Snow White, because when I'm with you, I feel like 7 emotional tiny diamond miners.
You must have pee in your mattress because, no wait, I mean a pea in your mattress, because you're like a princess.....oops.
You said you were looking for the girl with the glass slipper but baby boy I can be your Cinderella ella ella eh eh.
You're so cute you make Hello Kitty look like Quasi-moto.
You're so sweet, you could put Hershey's out of business
You're wicked hot.
You've been a bad girl/boy. Go to my room.
Your a piece of eye candy and i've got a sweet tooth.
Your body is a wonderland and i want to be Alice.
Are you the color black like the black hole? Because I am fallen for you.
Are you the color blue like the sky? Because even the blue sky looks dim compare to you.
Are you the color brown like chocolate? Because I want to bite you.
Are you the color gray? Because I can't get enough of your 50 shades.
Are you the color green like the grass? Because I run my hands through you.
Are you the color orange like pumpkin pies? Because I can never have enough of you.
Are you the color purple? Because you allure my heart.
Are you the color red like fire? Because you ignite the passion in me.
Are you interested in 50 shades of green? Because you are my lucky charm.
Are you into monochrome? Because I'd love to use my charcoal to color us black and white.
Do you have a little black in you? (No) Want to?
Do you know, your hair and my pillow are perfectly color coordinated.
Do you like the color blue? Because tidal wave is coming.
Do you like color red? Be careful playing with fire and you might end up burnt.
Do you remember Crayola Crayons? They used to have this color: Blizzard Blue. It was my favorite color and I could never figure out why. But I just realized why, your eyes…Blizzard Blue.
Every redhead I’ve met is extremely smart.
Girl, you got sexy brown skin. You can be my chocolate bunny. I'll start by nibbling on your ears and save your behind for last.
Golden hair like yours is pouring sunlight.
Guy: You know beautiful is my favorite color.
at is not a color.
 the color of your eyes.
I am color blind, but I think your hair is red.
I couldn't help but notice that you have beautiful violet eyes like Elizabeth Taylor.
I don't think I will ever get tired of wearing pink.
I figured out why the sky was grey today...all the blue is in your eyes.
I have yellow fever and you’re the cure.
I just love the color of your pretty hair.
I love your fiery personality. (redhead or red dress)
I love your nail color. It compliments your eyes/hairs/dress.
I love your turquoise dress. You looks like a greek goddess.
I love your turquoise earring. Do you know the color turquoise originated from the word Turkish? I wouldn't mind serving you in a Turkish bath either.
I think God took a brown topaz gem and made you eyes out of it.
I think God took the color from the ocean and put it in your eyes.
I think God took the pigment out of a leaf and put it in your eyes.
I want to make you blush pinker than Princess Bubblegum.
I'm red like the wild fire. Once that spark is ignited, I can go for hours. You have been warned!
If I were a stop light, I'd turn red everytime you passed by, just so I could stare at you a bit longer.
If you wake up in a RED room, with no windows or doors, don't be alarmed, you're just in my heart.
Mario is Red. Sonic is blue. Press start to join and be my player 2.
Nice green shirt. I bet you are magically delicious.
Pink Hearts, Orange Stars, Yellow Moons, Green Clovers, Blue Diamonds, Purple Horseshoes, and Red Balloons!
Red hair is the most gorgeous thing in the world.
Roses are red
are white.
e a great couple,
 that I’m right.
Roses are red, bananas are yellow, wanna go out with a nice little fellow?
Roses are red, violets are fine. If I be the 6, will you be the 9?
Southern girl rock my world. Hazel eyes and golden curls, put on a country song we'll dance all night long.
The way you look at me is making me turn as red as that glass of wine, please don’t stop.
When I look into your hazel eyes I see autum sunsets and late night curled up in front of the fire.
Yesterday, I tried to paint you, but I couldn't… the colors weren't beautiful enough.
You are beautiful with your glorious golden hair.
You are like a juicy red apple that I want to have a bite.
You are the fairest one of all with Lips red as the rose. Hair black as ebony. Skin white as snow.
You just made me as red as a beet!
You know what? Your eyes are the same color as my Porsche.
You look good in green. How about you take out some pixie dust and let's fly away to my bedroom.
You make me blush pinker than Pinkie Pie.
You’re the most beautiful redhead I’ve ever seen.
Your eyes are the same color as my Porsche.
Am I dreaming? Because this is so unreal.
Can I borrow your cell phone? I want to call my mom and tell her I just met the girl of my dreams.
Can I follow you home? Because my parents always told me to follow my dreams.
Do you remember me? Oh that's right, we've only met in my dreams.
Do your legs hurt from running through my dreams all night?
Excuse me, mind if I stare at you for a minute? I want to remember your face for my dreams.
Guy: Have we met before? Girl: No. Guy: Then I must of seen you in my dreams!
Guy: Pinch me? Girl: Why? Guy: Because I must be dreaming
Guy: What time is it? Girl: [Time]. Guy: Thanks! I just wanted to be able to remember the exact moment that I met the woman of my dreams.
Hey, haven’t I seen you before? I remember, it was in my dreams!
I had a dream about you last night... I dreamt you were a suitcase and I was packing you
I had a dream about you. Yes, really. Because I see my one true dream girl every night.
I had a wet dream about you last night. Would you like to make it a reality?
I have never had a dream come true until the day that I met you.
I may not be a genie, but I can make your dreams come true.
I think I have seen you somewhere. You are the same girl who came in my dreams last night.
I'll make all of your wildest dreams come true.
If this is a dream, I never wanna wake up!
So last night I had the same dream over and over - always the same thing, but in a different location every time. I kept dreaming that I was asking you out, but every time before you answered, I woke up, and I'm dying to know what your answer was.
So there you are! I've been looking all over for YOU, the woman of my dreams!
Wow! You are talking to me? I think my dreams have finally come true!
You know you're in love when you can't fall asleep because reality is finally better than your dreams.
You look like a dream.
You're so fine I must be dreaming.
Are your parents assholes? Because your the shit.
Did your daddy write a dictionary because you put meaning in my life
Does your daddy work at the grocery store because you have nice melons!
Does your father sell diamonds? Because you are FLAWLESS!
Excuse me is your daddy a lumber jack? Girl: No. why? because every time i look at you i get wood in my pants
If you got those eyes from your mother, I know exactly why your daddy married her.
Is you daddy a lumberjack, because baby you giving me wood
Is you daddy named Oliver, because soon you'll be Oliver this dick.
Is your daddy a boxer? "No Why?" Because your one hell of a knock out!!!
Is your daddy a butcher? Because I want to bone you.
Is your daddy a car salesman? [Why?] Because you have nice head lights.
Is your daddy a carnie (carnival worker) Because I want you sit to on my face while I try to guess your weight.
Is your daddy a dentist?(if yes) Then open wide
Is your daddy a doctor? Because you just cured my erectile dysfunction.
Is your daddy a donkey? Because you have a great ass!
Is your daddy a drug dealer? because you sure are dope!
Is your daddy a farmer? Because you sure do know how to raise the cock.
Is your daddy a genie because your making my dreams come true
Is your daddy a grocery store attendant because you have nice melons!
Is your daddy a hunter? Because your such a fox!
Is your daddy a jalapeno because you sure are hot
Is your daddy a lock smith because you have the keys to my heart.
Is your daddy a magician? Because abracaDAYUM!
Is your daddy a photographer? Because I can picture us together.
Is your daddy a pilot because my heart taking off
Is your daddy a pilot? Because you're FLY!
Is your daddy a sergeant because your making my privates stand at attention!
Is your daddy a spandex salesman? ... Because you're TIGHT!
Is your daddy a terrorist? Because you r the bomb.
Is your daddy a thief, Because he stole all of the stars in the sky and put them in your eyes
Is your daddy a thief, because he stole all those diamonds and put them in your eyes.
Is your daddy a thief? Why? Because I saw him steal all the stars out of the sky and put them in your eyes.
Is your daddy a traffic cop? Because you got fine written all over you.
Is your daddy a wielder, [wait for answer]? Because you know how to mend my broken heart"
Is your daddy a wrestler, because I just want to take you down.
Is your daddy an alien because your out of this world
Is your daddy an Aquafina worker because your jugs are perfect
Is your daddy an artist because your a fine piece of work
Is your daddy an astronaut? Girl: no then how did you get those stars in your eyes
Is your daddy an electrician? (if answered no) O i thought he was b/c you are so Electrifying (If answered yes) I knew there had to be a reason why you are so electrifying!
Is your daddy retarded because your special.
Is your daddy the owner of Wendy's because you make me want to eat great even late!
Is your daddy Tony The Tiger (Frosted Flakes) because you look gggggreat
Is your daddy Willy Wonka because you look delicious
Is your mom a hooker? Because I'm hooked on you.
Was your daddy a bricklayer? Because you have one hell of a foundation.
Was your daddy a leprechaun, because Irish you were naked.
Was your daddy a mechanic? Then how did you get such a finely tuned body?
Was your father a meat-burglar? because someone stole two fine hams and shoved them down the back of your pants
Your daddy must be a cheeseburger, because I could nom you all night long
Your daddy must be a farmer, because you sure have grown some nice melons.
Your daddy must be a high jumper, because you make my bar raise!
Your daddy must be anarcher, because he sure shot a bullseye.
Your daddy must have been a Baker, because you got the nicest set of buns I've ever saw.
Your daddy must play the trumpet, because your making me horny!
Your father must be a thief, because he stole the brightest star in the sky and put it in your eyes 
Are you Sunday? Because you are my sunshine!
Babe, in case you miss me last night, it's me seductive Sunday!
Hey baby, my name is Dick. Wanna suck my Richard? Happy Suckday!
You know, if you are going to sleep in on Sunday, I make a great body pillow. Happy Sleepday!
Are you Monday? Because you can suck my dick.
Happy Mature Monday!
Hey baby, I can make you moan louder than ever. Happy Moanday!
Monday is my favorite day of the week. I have waited the whole weekend to see you...
Today is mature Monday. I'm leaving my immature ways in the weekend. What can I say women are like a fine wine and only get better with age.
Without you everyday is Monday.
You know, you make all my blues go away! Happy Monday!
Are you Tuesday? Because you are a naughty naughty girl.
Do you know it is Titty Tuesday? It will mean the world to me if I can caress, nibble, and suck on your sexy boobs.
Happy Titty Tuesdays! Flash me now!
Hey baby, guess what I can make you come with just my tongue. Happy Tongueday!
I love dirty Tuesday!
Are you Wednesday? Because I want to hump you.
Happy hump day!
Happy Hump Day...May all your ups and downs today be between the sheets or on the couch or the floor or the kitchen table.
Happy Whoa Wednesday!
Hey baby, just the thought of you make me wet. Happy Wetnesday
I need some Whoa's to help me get through Wednesday.
It's Hump Day. Start it off with a bang.
Just once I'd like to actually get humped on hump day.
Are you Thursday? Because I am love-stroke by your thunder. (Thor)
Happy Thirsty Thursday! I can't wait to get my hands on you... wait... did I just say that out loud?
Hey baby, your body is 75% water, and I'm thirsty. Can I drink you? Happy Thirstday!
It's Thirsty Thursday! Let's get the party started!
It's Thursday and I'm thirsty!
Who cares about class on Friday? Happy Thirsty Thursday.
Are you Friday? Because I am ready to Frigg in love with you.
Didn't you know it is Flash them Friday? You can flash me NOW!
Do you want to go out on Friday? Also, can you pick me up? I will be drunk.
Freaky Friday! Hell I'm just glad it's Friday.
Happy Flash'em Friday! If you are happy and you know it show me your boobs!
Hey baby, I wanna get freaky with you! Happy Freakday!
Wanna get a taste of free tap Friday?
I'm so glad this work day is over. I'm ready for the weekend. Hurry up Friday!
If ya got them, Flaunt them! It's Flash Friday!
Are you Saturday? Because we are going to party all night.
Happy Sexy Saturday!
Hey baby, if being sexy was a crime, you'd be guilty as charged. Happy Sexyday!
Hey glad you made it through the week, because it is sexy Saturday!
Hey Sexy, what is your plan for this Saturday?
Are you a campfire? Because you are hot and I want s'more.
Are you a tamale? Because you're hot.
Are you having a good summer? Because you're hot.
Are you Jewish? Because you ISRAELI HOT.
Baby, I'm like a firefighter, I find them hot and leave 'em wet!
Baby, you are hotter than an afternoon in July!
Baby, you're so hot, you make the equator look like the north pole.
Congratulations! My friends and I have voted you the hottest guy around! And your prize is …a date with me!
Did you just come out of the oven? Because you're hot.
Didn't I pick you up in the grocery store? Because you're hot like salsa
Do you have a sunburn baby, or are you always this hot?
Do you have a sunburn, or are you always this hot?
Excuse me, could you please dial down your hotness, it's causing global warming
Get me some cooling aloe gel, because you are making me as hot as a sunburn.
Hey is it hot because I think im melting all over you !
How is your fever? [What fever?] Oh… you just look hot to me.
How long did it take you to walk around the sun to look that hot and be that sexy.
How much did it cost? (What?) The surgery that made you so hot!
I blame you for global warming... your hotness is too much for the planet to handle!
I hope there's a fireman around, because you're smoking hot.
I must be dancing with the devil, because you're hot as hell.
I need a place to stay, because you're so hot you burnt my house down.
I want you more then a Popsicle on a hot summer day
I'd offer you a cigarette, but you're already smoking hot.
I'm going to need a tall glass of cold water, because baby your making me HOT!
If a girl's name is heather say: Your so hot the first four letters of your name spell heat.
If I had a dollar for every chick I'd seen as hot as you… I'd have one dollar!!
If I was any object I would be a fan, so when you turn me on, I can cool you down when you get hot.
If it weren't for that DAMNED sun, you'd be the hottest thing ever created.
If it weren't for the summer sun, you'd be the hottest thing ever created.
If you were a transformer, you'd be a HOT-obot, and your name would be Optimus Fine
If you were a year you'd be the last one, because you're the hottest on record
If you weren't here I'd be the hottest person in this place.
Is it hot in here or is it just you?
Is it hot in here, or are your boobs just huge.
Is there an excessive heat warning or am I just hot for you.
Is your father Little Caesar? Because you look Hot 'n Ready.
Is your name Summer because you are hot!
It's a good thing I wore my gloves today; otherwise, you'd be too hot to handle.
So…did you just dump your boyfriend because you were to hot for him?
The only thing hotter than today is your body.
They say apples don't fall far from the tree so you're mom must be hot too.
We're like hot chocolate and marshmallows... You're hot and I wanna be on top of you.
We're like Little Caesar's, we're Hot and Ready.
What do you and the weather have in common? You're both Hot!
Ya know, you look really hot! You must be real reason for global warming.
You are so hot you make the windows fog.
You are so hot. The sun is jealous.
You are the hottest thing since sunburn.
You just caused a heat wave, because that's how hot you are.
You know I'd like to invite you over, but I'm afraid you're so hot that you'll skyrocket my air-conditioning bill
You look so hot that I could cook rice on you.
You make me melt like hot fudge on a sundae.
You remind me of a pop tart. (Why?) You're cool because you're hot!
You should go in the water, because you're so hot you're on fire!
You're as hot as a desert summer.
You're hotter than a Bunsen burner set to full power!
You're hotter than donut grease.
You're hotter than Papa Bear's porridge.
You're so hot the sun is jealous.
You're so hot you could make a deceased man's dick rise from the dead!
You're so hot you must've started global warming.
You're so hot you would make the devil sweat.
You're so hot, even my pants are falling for you!
You're so hot, I bet you could light a candle at 10 paces.
You're so hot, I could bake cookies on you.
You're so hot, that if you ate a piece of bread, you'd poop out toast!
You're so hot, you're making my beer warm.
You're so hot; you make the sun envious.
Your so hot the sun has to wear sunglasses just to look at you.
Your so hot when i look at you i get a tan
Your so hot you make my teeth sweat
All those curves, and me with no brakes!
Are you a camera? Every time I look at you, I smile.
Are you smiling at me or do I have my contacts in wrong?
Because of you, I laugh a little harder, cry a little less, and smile a lot more.
Did the sun come out or did you just smile at me?
Do you bleach your teeth? 'Cause your smile lights up the entire room like a candle in the dark. Let's go prove it.
Do you know Expelliarmus? Because your smile is disarming.
Don't smile. Because if you smile then everything about you will be perfect and I will fall in love instantly.
Everytime I see you my heart smiles.
Excuse me, you have a sensuous overbite.
Guess what I'm wearing? The smile you gave me.
Hey, don't frown you'll never know who might be falling in love with your smile.
Hey, don't I know you? Yeah, you're the girl with the beautiful smile.
Hey, I know you. Yeah, you're the woman with the million dollar smile.
Hey, I wanted to tell you...that smile of yours drives me crazy.
Hey, where did your smile go? (Check back pocket) Here it is!
How many words can you make out of the word "smile"? (I, Me, I'm, Lie, Mile, Lime, Slime)
I have had a really bad day and it always makes me feel better to see a pretty girl smile. So, would you smile for me?
I love it when I catch you looking at me then you smile and look away.
I love your smile. It reminds me the smile of the person whom I want to marry someday.
I'd smile and wink at you even if it didn't humanize me. (Sherlock)
I'll buy you a drink every time you smile at ME tonight. (Better bring your credit card)
I'm on smile patrol. You've exceeded the smile speed patrol.
If I could reach out and hold a star for every time you've made me smile, I'd hold the sky in the palm of my hand.
If someone would ask me what a beautiful life means, I would lean my head on your shoulder, hold you close to me and answer with a smile, "Like this."
Is that smile patented?
Love your smile.
Of all the beautiful curves on your body, your smile is my favorite.
Our smiles should touch now.
Should I smile because we are friends, or cry because I know that is what we will ever be?
Show me your overbite.
Smile if you want me!
Smile if you want to sleep with me.
Smile if you're happy & want wild and crazy sex! Don't smile if you just want wild and crazy sex.
Smile if you're sexy!
Smile, it can't be that bad.
So you floss!
The Sun turns pale at your smile.
They asked me for durgs, so I told them about your smile.
To me, a smile from you is like a sock to Dobby.
You have the most beautiful smile in the world, and I'd like to celebrate this point with you.
You have the whitest teeth I've ever seen.
You know at this angle as the lights hit your eyes [start fixing hair] I can see myself and I look great." Then smile, and sheepishly say "just kidding."
You make me smile more than the phrase "He is holding a cat".
Your smile could sell a half-million magazine covers.
Your smile glows brighter than a lightsaber.
Your smile is like sunshine.
Your smile lit up the room, so I just had to come over.
Are those Guess jeans? Because guess who wants to get into 'em.
Are you a bottle of Coke because you open my happiness
Are you a Frito because your really corny
Are you a meal at McDonalds? If you were you would be a mchottie
Are you from Starbucks? Because I like you a latte.
Are you from Tim Hortons, because you smell fresh?
Are you spaghetti? Because I want you to meat my balls.
Are you spring ? Because you have me twitter pated.
Are you the energizer bunny because you just keep going and going through my mind
Are you the maker of frosted flakes because you look gggggreat
Are your name campfire? Because you are hot and I want S'more.
Aye girl, they call me Snow Day.... Because I'm gonna get drunk and sled all over you.
Baby I might not be a Doritos Locos Taco but, I sure will spice up your night.
Baby if you were a burger at McDonalds you would be a McGorgeous.
Baby your so sweet you would put Hershey's out of business
Baby your what makes Campbell soup mmm good.
Baby, you got more legs than a bucket of KFC!
Boy is your name homework because I'm not doing you and I should be.
Call me Mountain Dew, because when we hang we'll have a Baja Blast.
Call Me Pooh, because all I want is you honey.
Can I double stuff your Oreo?
Can I stick my hot pocket in your easy bake oven
Damn baby is your body from McDonalds?(No Why?) Because I'm Lovin' It
Damn baby, is your name Wi-Fi? Because I'm sure feeling a strong connection
Damn girl! have you been eating Lucky Charms?(why?) because you`re looking magically delicious!
Damn....Levis should pay you royalties.
Did you just come from KFC, because your have thighs and breasts just gave me a drumstick.
Do you have a Bandaid? Cos I just scraped my knee falling for you.
Do you like hamburgers? because i'll go in-n-out of you!
Do you like Kellogg's? (yes) Wanna frost my flakes?
Do you like Pizza Hut? Because I'll stuff your crust.
Do you like Wendy's.. Because your going to love Wendy's balls slap against yo face
Do you like Wendy's? Well I'm sure you'll like it Wendy's nuts slide across your face.
Do you work at Dicks? Because your sporting the goods!
Do you work at Home Depot? (No) Because you sure are giving me wood.
Do you work at McDonalds? Because I was wondering if I could get a fry with that shake.
Do you work for UPS? Because I swear I saw you checking out my package!
Don't you work at Hooters?
Excuse me? Do you work at Little Caesars? Because Ur Hot And I'm Ready.
Fuck me if I'm wrong, but is your name Easy Bottom?
Girl are you my new iPhone? Because I can't stop staring at you in public.
Girl if You Were A Dodge truck, I'd Ram You.
Girl is your name baseball, because I just want to hit it.
Girl you're sweet as candy, can I taste u Now And Later
Girl your eyes are bluer than Heisenberg's crystal.
Girl your so sweet you put Hershey's out of business.
Girl, I got more game than a Xbox 360!
Girl, I'm an American Express lover... you shouldn't go home without me.
Girl... your like Mastercard... seeing you is priceless
Have you been eating Cocoa Puffs? because I'm goin cookoo for you
Hey is your last name Chilli's because I can see myself chewin those babybacks
Hey you thirsty, because I can give you the Sunny-D
Hi my name is pogo. Would you like to jump on my stick?
Hi, can I get your baseball jersey? (What?) You know your name and number!
Hi, My Name Is [Your Name], but You Can Call Me Tonight.
How about I dip my Wild Wings in your Buffalo sauce?
How'd you like to come to MySpace so I can Twitter you with my Yahoo until I Google on your Facebook?
I don't need Apple Maps to get lost in your eyes.
I have 4 words for you Hol I Day Inn.
I have a bunch of Klondike bars back at my place.
I just ate a bag of skittles want to taste the rainbow?
I like Legos, you like Legos, why don't we build a relationship?
I may be hung like a tic-tac, but I'll leave your breath minty fresh!
I may not be Dairy Queen, baby, but I'll treat you right!
I may not be Fred Flintstone, but I sure can make your bed rock.
I spilled skittles down my pants. Do you want to taste the rainbow?
I want you more then a Hagen-Daas on a hot summer day.
I wish I were Winnie the Pooh so I could stick my nose in your honey jar.
I wish you were a carousel at Wal-Mart so I could ride you all day long for just a quarter!!
I'll be the Burger King, and you'll be the Dairy Queen... You treat me right, and I'll do it your way.
I'll be your drum...you can beat me all night long!
I'll slime you so good you'll think your on Nickelodeon
I'm like Domino's Pizza. If I don't come in 30 minutes, the next one is free.
I've got Skittles in my mouth , want to taste the rainbow?
I've gotta thirst, baby, and you smell like my Gatorade.
If life was a TiVo, I would rewind you and play you over and over.
If sexy were an Oreo, you'd be double stuffed!
If sexy were an Oreo. you would be double stuffed
If you were a pair of adidas sneakers, I'd, uh, like, really be into adidas
If you were a Porsche, I'd wax and ride you all over town
If you were a transformer, you'd be a HOT-obot, and your name would be Optimus Fine
If you were any sweeter, there'd be a Wanted poster for you down at Mrs.
If your name Wi-Fi? Because I'm feeling a connection.
Is it that cold out or are you just smuggling tic-tac's.
Is that an iPod mini in your pocket or are you just happy to see me.
Is your daddy the owner of Wendy's because you make me want to eat great even late!
Is your name country crock, because you can spread for me anytime.
Is your name Gillette, because your the best a man can get.
Am I in heaven? Because baby you just made my heart stop
Are you a kidnapper? Because you just abducted my heart.
Are you a microwave oven? Because you melt my heart.
Are you an alien? Because you just abducted my heart.
Are you blood? Because my heart cant survive without you
Can I have directions? [To where?] To your heart.
Can you give me directions to your heart? I've seemed to have lost myself in your eyes.
Can you pull this heart-shaped arrow out of my butt? A damn little kid with wings shot me.
Come live in my heart, and pay no rent.
Did it hurt? When you fell from the sky and into my heart.
Do you have some water? Because you set my heart on fire.
Drop down in front of him/her and if they ask you whats wrong say "im sorry but my heart stopped when i saw you and i just fell for you."
Ever since I met you, you've lived in my heart without paying any rent
Excuse me, can you empty your pockets? I believe you have stolen my heart.
God gave us two ears, two eyes, two legs and two hands, but he only gave us one heart, and he wanted me to find you and tell you, you are the second one
Guy: Beww Beww Beww. Girl: What?. Guy: That is the sound of the ambulance coming to pick me up because when I saw you my heart stopped!
Guy: Do you hear that. Girl: What? Guy: Oh sorry that was my heart singing for you
Guy: Here are my keys. Girl: Why? Guy: Here's the key to my house, my car,...and my heart.
Guy: You owe me money. Girl: Why? Guy: Because you have been living in my heart without paying rent
Hello, I'm a thief, and I'm here to steal your heart.
Hello. Cupid called. He says to tell you that he needs my heart back.
Here's the key to my house, my car... and my heart.
Hey baby do you like a man that can carry big things because I have the biggest sweetheart
Hold out two fingers and say: "Why should a woman masturbate with these two fingers?" (I don't know.) "'Cause they're mine sweetheart."
I was wondering if you had an extra heart mine seems to have been stolen
I wrote your name in my heart and forever it will stay.
I'd like to get between your legs and eat my way straight to your heart...
I'm no organ donor but I'd be happy to give you my heart.
I'm not staring at your boobs, I'm staring at your heart.
If I was your heart would you let me beat?
If I were a transplant surgeon, I'd give you my heart.
If you wake up in a RED room, with no windows or doors..don't be alarmed, babyqirl..you're just in my heart
If your heart was a prison, I would like to be sentenced for life.
Inheriting eighty million bucks doesn't mean much when you have a weak heart.
Is my heart on fire or am I just lost in a love maze without you! (look at the person in the eyes)
Is there an airport nearby or is that just my heart taking off?
It hurts! When you tore out my heart and threw it across the room!
Let's commit the perfect crime: I'll steal your heart, and you'll steal mine.
Many people will walk in and out of your life. But only lovers will leave a footprint on your heart. And you my dear have left one great leap on mine!
Miss, you made my heart stop...
My mom told me that life is like a deck of cards, so you must the be queen of hearts.
Please don't go or else I will have to make a report to the cops that you stole my heart.
See these keys? I wish I had the one to your heart.
Someone should call the police, because you just stole my heart!
The only crime I will ever commit is stealing your heart
We must be near an airport, because my heart just took off when I saw you!
Were you in Boy Scouts? Because you sure have tied my heart in a knot.
Were you in Girl/Boy Scouts? Because you sure have tied my heart in a knot.
You better change the lock, because I'm the key to your heart.
You know, winning the lottery doesn't mean much when you have a weak heart.
You must be a hell of a thief because you stole my heart from across the room.
You must be a ninja, because you snuck into my heart
You stole my heart without permission
You stole my heart, so can I steal your last name?
You're the sound in my voice, the rhythm in my walk, the thunder that vibrates in my heart…..be my lightning and strike down on me!
Your heart stops when you sneeze. Kind of like what happens when I think of you.
This is not a flirt please let me cum inside of you.
You stole my heart with those wonderful nudes.
Do you live in a dictionary? Because you're the definition of absolute hot.
Do you like shaving?
If you like that spoon you'll enjoy another one.
Are you pagan? Because I wanna enact a missionary on you.
Damn girl you got a sexy ass, may I grip it?
Nice tits.
I can make you happy all night long.
You're hotter than the core of the sun.
